ranjan bir bajracharya https   www.linkedin.com in ranjan bajracharya  https   www.upwork.com freelancers  01d38b5cccdbe0001d lalitpur  nepal  9779818209862 ranjanbajra@gmail.com experience freelancer  upwork july 2021   present oozou  ruby on rails developer  contract  april 2022   august 2022 freelancer  upwork may 2021   may 2022 danphe software labs  anamnagar  rails   react developer aug 2018   apr 2021 jyassa  gwarko  intern jun 2016   aug 2016 techrise bootcamp 2016 skills 1. ruby on rails 2. react 3. stimulus js 4. sql  postgresql  mysql  5. redis 6. git 7. rest api 8. graphql 9. elasticsearch 10. backgroundjob 11. heroku 12. slack app 13. tailwind css 14. shopify 15. solidity 16. web3.js education rajdhani model college  pipal bot marg  mba 2019   2022 academia international college  gwarko  bsc csit 2016   2018 dav  jwalakhel   2 2012   2016 lvm  lagankhel  slc 2014 project details ruby on rails projects slimfaq   shopify app   upgrade shopify to use app bridge   fix links and authentication   integrate platfrom api for custom domain slimwiki   slack app   migrate slack app to use granular permission   add captcha v2 oozou   upgrade rails 7   adding filter section awards openhack virtual hackathon  https   devpost.com soft ware tweet sentiment w orcloud spirathon 2017 2nd runner up  https   ictframe.com spi ralogics to hold spirath on on november 18 19 2 017 team rsr  nasa space app 2017 noskode 2016 winner https   ictsolved.github.i o noskode2016 winner  rumineat rumineat is a web app that allows to select the restaurants near by the location on specific radius. rumineat allows users to select and vote for the restaurants on a session. this app uses rails api as its backend server and react as it frontend. rumineat uses google map and google places api to get the restaurants of different types offered byt the google. users on session are allow to vote for the restaurants and frequency table is displayed to the users on its completion. petvet247 petvet is a platform to find near vets in the us in each state. the platform provide a blogging service for a vets to take care for the pets. tradablecoins freelancing project with full ownership from development to deployment. tradablecoins is a rails and react project. it is an alert messaging application for new crypto listings on different exchanges. tradable coins is a monthly subscription that gives you email and sms alerts the instant a new coin is listed on one of the major exchanges. it also has a trading bot built with 3commas that helps to trade the coins. servespark servespack is crm platform that manages clients  staff with their availability and service area. in this project i only worked for couple of months where most of the time i was on writing specs and fixing ui. i also worked on the the meeting module that would handle the video chat with the clients. heaven match   initial project setup   database modeling   integrated ui   integrated authentication and authorization   integrated scanner  react table  filtering react   integrated shopify  recharge api   customize and integrate survey react accountstory accountstory is a rails and react project. it collects data by scraping linkedin and google profiles and for external api. those data are used to create companies and the profile of the company employees. the data are managed with the help of api. accountstory chrome extension  https   accountstory.com    implement ui design   integrated api   implemented business logic   add authentication along with google oauth jobspot college project it is my college project that recommends jobs to their job seeker. it consists of two different users job seeker and recruiter and an admin. it has full spec integration with rspec and capybara selenium. hackathon projects openhack vitrual hackathon  https   devpost.com software tweet  sentiment worcloud it was my first virtual hackathon and it was during the covid 19 crisis where i got to team up with developers from abroad. i had lead the team in building an platform where one can get the most used words for different sentiments from twitter tweets. python was used to do the sentiment analysis and create api using flask. and for front end react is used to display the wordcloud for each sentments. spirathon 2017 in this hackathon a web portal and android app was build. the portal was done with react js. the web and android was connected with firebase for realtime database.the idea was based on mental health where one can find community to share their felling and get online treatment form doctors. blockchain hobby projects decentraram an instagram clone decentralize image video sharing platform. it uses ipfs for sharing peer to peer network for storing and sharing image video in a distributed file system. it uses solidity to create a smart contract and react js for the front end view and connecting with metamask. coursemarketplace an decentralize learning platform like udemy where smartcontract is in solidity and uses eth to purchase the courses and track the course of a user. it uses metamask to connect to the wallet. https   github.com ran010 marketplace solidity expected salary   38400 yr