tran ngoc phuong my date of birth  1 5 2000 phone    84  926014535 email  jmckenzie152000@gmail.com address  7a 25 thanh thai p.14 q.10 website  university of science 2018   2020 auckland university of technology  new zealand 2020   2022 ipsip vietnam may 2019   now homebase 1 12 2020   15 12 2020 willogy 1 3 2021   30 7 2021 objective  experienced c   in university  used c   to learn programming fundamentals  data structures  algorithms  oop.  experienced in designing ui ux at ipsip and willogy  using figma  adobe xd  a little experience in photoshop for digital art.  used javascript  ruby and frameworks like vuejs  reactjs  ruby on rails to work on softwares for nearly a year.  project management for nearly 2 years and used wordpress to make content pages and fpt server  ssh to manage them.  experienced linux  mostly debian  other tools  utilities like monit  grafana  aws  bash scripts  ftp server to worked as a network operation engineer for nearly 2 years  i did experience machine learning  distributed systems and tcp ip in my university s classes  on platforms like google colab and vmware.  github   linkedin    education major  computer science major  computer science i m expecting to graduate by october 2022 my current grade  gpa   3.14 4 work experience network operation center  software engineer  used debian for work  my job is mainly monitoring and maintain our aws instances  using bash scripts  ssh  monit  grafana  kibana tools ...  created ui ux design and website with static site generators  hugo   we created the company s website web developer  worked on wordpress platform  design ui ux on figma  and implemented it on elementor theme with html css js  bootstrap and jquery. software engineer my main role was full stack software engineer  and my main stacks are ruby on rails and vuejs  design ui ux and illustration  implement frontend with reactjs in projects like cmpaz  company s main website  art selling website  mostly outsource  created web crawling app as the company s product  using ruby on rails  which i took 1 week to study. https   www.linkedin.com in my tr e1 ba a7n b387201b1  https   github.com mychan152000 https   www.linkedin.com in my tr e1 ba a7n b387201b1  nbsp go1 1 8 2021   now vietnam youth alliance university projects informative website for ipsip personal  a1 deutsch  ielts 6.5 software engineer  worked on company s product using reactjs and angularjs frameworks  implemented unit tests with jest and react testing library   get used to microservice and ci cd pipeline. activities leader of web development team https   vnyouthally.org   using scrum methodology to manage my team s workflow  created a management application for our organization to use  manage members  tasks and scores with no limitations  currently only available on the website  but i m planning to put a mobile app on app store and google play store using flutter.  created an application to make quizzes about knowledge of lgbtqi   using reactjs and ruby on rails  a lot of other projects has asked us to allow them to use our quiz application for their workshops which are relevant to lgbt  lgbtqi . our organization have made it kinda far  we collaborated with other organizations and became the face of vietnam s lgbt for region 19 of interpride  contributing and helping the lgbt community in southeast asia these are the projects that i made throughout my studies   created an online market named cho xau  kinda like craiglist  where you can buy or sell your own things  i used laravel and it took me 1 week to learn laravel basics and spent 10 hours a day to create this website on my own  source code     created text to speech website  and i used vuejs  zaloai s api to make this website  source code   implemented pacmanai for pacman in game to track the path for food itself  using python with many algorithms like ucs  breadth first search  depth first search ... source code   used hugo to build an informative website for ipsip company  markup language  bootstrap  js   the link is  some projects that i made for fun  created using python a tweeting bot for discord  basically a web hook which will will always keep track of twitter s ids that i want it to  and will send their tweets into our private discord server whenever they post it in real time source code  certifications skills https   github.com mychan152000 choxau nbsp https   quirky wilson  47f0e2.netlify.app  https   github.com mychan152000 zalo vue https   github.com mychan152000 pacmanai https   www.ipsip.eu https   github.com mychan152000 tweetbottt language deutsch  english  vietnamese computer digital art tools  procreate  photoshop. sketch learned some art courses on domestika programming language  c    ruby  javascript  python gem  devise  nokogiri  http party  slim  open uri  pismo  mechanize ... unit testing  rspec  react testing library  jest frameworks  ruby on rails  vuejs  reactjs  nuxtjs ssg frameworks  gatsbyjs  gridsomejs  hugo headless cms  strapi  netlifycms cms  wordpress  wix ui ux design  figma  adobexd  i earned certification from google s coursera  foundations of user experience  ux  design  interests i like coding 3d websites  playing with blender models and implement them into websites using threejs. besides that  i also like photography and playing video games. read books about programming and science in general.  topcv.vn