nguyen thi ninh  84909576045 solof.4ever@gmail.com dist.9  hcm city  vietnam personal information full name   nguyen thi ninh gender   female date of birth   april 25th   1988 place of birth   nam dinh material status   single mobile phone    84 909 576 045 email   solof.4ever@gmail.com address   ct1 sky 9  lien phuong street  phu huu ward  district 9  hcmc  viet nam education ho chi minh university of natural science oct 2009  apr 2014 major  information technology working skills java  java core  java 8  spring boot  j2ee  hibernate  jpa  restapi  unit test  junit  cucumber  automation test  selenium with java   5 years of working experience. javascript  nodejs  reactjs   2 years of working experience with maintenance and convert projects. ruby  ruby on rails   2 years of working experience with maintenance projects. sql  mysql  postgres  oracle   5 years of working experience. aws  ci cd commit code  code build  code deploy  sqs message  dynamodb  lambda  api gateway. git  jira  maven  gradle  intelij  build and manage source. familiar with scrum kanban agile working culture. familiar with macos  winos and linuxos. willing to learn and catch up new tech stack. working experience projects 1. assurance protect management  december 2020  now   at fpt software   working through source codes of the saas system to analyze the existing logic business and combine with new requirement from client  discuss with business analyst and finalize logic business then develop features.   developing mock api to simulate local ci testing environment   implement integration testing to test each business feature.   configure parameters on non production env and deploy source code for testing.   tech stack  java 8  spring boot  sqs queue  cucumber  ruby  nodejs postgresql.   source building management  github  jira  rally  maven  intelij.   woking os  windows  wsl  linux. 2. defendor  defendor react admin  defendor client  december 2022  now   at fpt software   working with business analyst to verify and clear requirement of new features.   implementing new features include writing unit test.   implementing mock api for integration testing on local ci env in cases api of third party unavailable.   configuring parameters and deploy on non production for testing.   tech stack  postgres database  ruby on rail for defendor which system handle backend logic. react redux for defendor react admin front end which render admin ui. react native for defendor client front end which render ui for customers. nodejs for mock api.   working os  windows  wsl. 3. arbitration  2020  2021   at fpt software   working through the nodejs source code to analyze existing business logic which include many api use to validate the eligibility processing and combine with requirement which is provided by business analyst then design and convert system from nodejs into java.   implement mock api to simulate local ci testing environment.   deploying source to non production system for testing.   tech stack  java 8  spring boot  oauth 2 for systems security   nodejs.   source building management  github  jira  rally  maven  intelij.   working os  windows  wsl. 4. print solution  may 2019 to oct 2020   at laudert vietnam   receiving requirement form client and implementing feature base requirement   deploying and testing   tech stack  java 8  j2ee  restful management system  cscript  postgres.   source building management  git  jira  gradle  intelij  clion  indesign client and indesign server.   working os  macos  linux  windows server. 5. steel production planning   sale marketing  may 2017  apr 2019    at posco ict vietnam implement   enhancement the system production planning  order processing o implementing new features and maintenance existing features to work correctly as requiring from client. support clients to use system correctly. o tech stack  java  j2ee  oracle  gluemaster  visual marco. o source building management  maven  intelij  svn.   working os  windows  windows server. 6. wesite posco holding  posco ssvina  may 2017  apr 2019    at posco ict vietnam   developing new website posco holding that customers can visit website to see company product and information. implement admin page that allow admin users can manage post delete their products.   tech stack  java  spring boot  mysql  thymeleaf.   source building management  maven  intelij  svn.   working os  windows  windows server. university background 2009  2014  associate degree  complete bachelor degree   programming technique  practice with c   language.   data structures and algorithm   object oriented programming  practice with c   language.   networking   structured computer organization and essembly programming language.   database and database administrators.   java programming   analysis and designing software system.   analysis and managing software requirement.   testing software   analysis and design of database information systems   ecommerce and design ecommerce system.   ....   .... certification englishscore 400 by englishscore.