   page 1 15 thuan dong tan senior lead front end engineer i have been working as a front end developer for more than 8 years  commencing in 2014. working on a variety of website and application development projects  as part of a team or independently. i also served as a leader for a brief period. i have solid experience in many works in e commerce  using reactjs  redux  rest api  typescript   real time service  using websocket  rest api   offline service  using service worker  rest api   2d game  using svg and canvas   desktop apps for windows and macos  using reactjs  electron  and more... my responsibilities  roles  and experiences are very diverse. i can build a project from scratch  design front end structure  propose new ideas  technologies  pipelines  etc.   develop algorithms  use design patterns appropriately  follow programming principles  have a mindset of testing and problem solving  troubleshoot issues  train  support  or interview candidates... when i m not working  i enjoy spending time with my friends and family  but i also enjoy participating in sports such as boxing or going to the gym  traveling  playing video games  or simply surfing the internet to learn new things. education graduation 2010 2013 associates degrees in computer science hung vuong university languages english good communication    page 2 15 core qualification   proposing various ideas in order to enhance ui and ux experience.   building responsive websites and compatible with multiple browsers using html5 nunjucks  css3 sass  javascript  jquery  webpack  gulp  git  and rest apis.   using css preprocessors such as sass and less in order to manage  reuse and extend css easier via variables  lists  functions...   building a single page web app  spa  using react.js  data management with redux  communication with the back end via websocket or rest  and bundle using webpack.   creating html email templates and newsletters for email marketing.   developing internal utility scripts  using nodejs or bash script  to automate some procedures.   project management within agile framework  using trello or jira.   working at high quality coding standards to reduce the technical debts.   willing to learn new technologies which help to extend  the view of the picture .   friendly and good collaboration with other team members.   closely working with the project cycle  stakeholders  and teammates to understand clearly and unite the requirements.   training and supporting team members to help them have good motivation and contribute better to the company.   good communication to build trust and work better  also to balance life and work. hand on technical skills core languages  javascript  dart framework   technologies    web technologies  html  dom  virtual dom  shadow dom   css  motion  animation  layout...   javascript  server side rendering  client side rendering  service worker   typescript.    module loader bundler  webpack    micro frontend  webpack 5 s module federation    ide editors  sublime text  visual studio code     page 3 15   task runners  gulp  grunt    html preprocessors  nunjucks  mustache    css preprocessors  sass  less    graphics tools  adobe photoshop  illustrator  sketch    frameworks libraries  bootstrap  foundation  ant design  jquery  lodash  ramda  react  react native  redux  three.js  d3.js  fuse.js  electron  agora...    version controls  git    repository management  gitlab  github  bitbucket    package management  lerna  yarn 2   processes methodologies  agile  scrum  waterfall  kanban    operating systems  windows  macos  linux    unit testing  jest  enzyme  react testing library    automation testing  cypress  percy   logging tracking monitoring  datadog  sentry.io   ci cd  builtkite  gitlab ci cd  circle ci   others  docker  linux bash script  sql  node.js  styled components  css module  flutter  npm  yarn  postcss  eslint. babel  puppeteer  jiras tools  etc.    working experience senior front end engineer  autonomous.  ho chi minh city   august 2021 to jun 2022   maintaining obsolete features.   developing on demand and dropping off useless features based on the business metrics.   upgrading outdated packages and resolving problems from it.   logging and tracking via internal library  powered by autonomous team.   working with three.js to create scene  render 3d objects into scene  attach animation to an 3d object  and so on.   working with dart and flutter to create mobile application.   team management with jiras tools.   workspaces management with yarn 2.    page 4 15   creating utility scripts for internal use.   webpack configuration for different targets.   implement ci cd pipeline using gitlab ci cd.   restructure and clean code duplication.   joining the interview with many candidates to find suitable ones for the project.   typescript is always required. key achievements    gain more knowledge about dart  flutter and node.js   resolve many migration issues.   working and building application  and resolving issues when working with electron.   team management mindset. software engineer  react.js   messagemedia  ho chi minh city   sep 2019 to august 2021   working on product thats serving many users from b2c to b2b.   working on agile environment with tools such as jira  bitbucket and confluence.   involve closely with the melbourne team for the lifecycle of each feature.   features migration and maintaining  refactor and maintain the obsolete components.   tracking end user errors with datadog technologies.   tracking component changes with percy.   e2e testing with cypress.   unit testing with jest enzyme.   packages management with lerna.   handling react forms using react final form.   splitting up the enormous product  from monolithic to micro frontend.   modify webpack configuration to adjust performance when working as run time or built time environment  and handle technical issues when updating packages.   aws configuration for many purposes like storage  cron job  trigger event...   implement ci cd pipeline using buildkite.    page 5 15   working with qa 1 on 1 to make sure the developing feature is met acceptance criteria  ac  before delivery.   resolve ui bugs on different browsers.   cross team supporting. key achievements    micro front end contribution.   gain knowledge about aws such as lambda  s3  cloudformation  cloudwatch...   get familiar with typescript  cypress.   gain more knowledge when working with react hooks.   deep dive into webpack configuration.   get more knowledge about testing mindset. senior front end developer  react.js   pyco group  ho chi minh city   jan 2019 to sep 2019   develop complex mobile and web interfaces relating to the project scope.   work closely with back end team members to implement back end login on the front end.   graphql and rest integration.   using css frameworks such as bootstrap  material design  ant design... to build responsive websites.   implement unit tests with jest enzyme  across multiple projects. ensure the code coverage always greater than 80 .   code reviewing and managing.   implement progressive web apps  pwa  to let project working at offline mode.   working with indexdb and websql via localforage   a javascript library.   working on different mindsets  between oop and functional programming.   problem solving and troubleshooting issues effectively.   implement ci cd pipeline via circleci.   support qa when doing smoke test  regression test or integration test. key achievements     page 6 15   distinguish between javascripts microtask and macrotask when working with promise and settimeout.   understand garbage collector of javascript.   gain more knowledge about functional programming and its core concepts.   understand the benefits of writing unit tests.   familiar with jest enzyme  more understand to mock a function  take a component snapshot...   understand more deeply about algorithm and data structure mindset.   gain knowledge about service worker  such as store data when offline and push when online.   understand the functional and non function testing mindset. front end developer  react.js    it consultis  ho chi minh city   dec 2017 to jan 2019   build a single page web app  spa  using react.js  and store management using redux.   communicate with back end to give idea of creating restful apis.   working with form technologies such as redux form and formik to handle form submitting.   implement a high quality standard website from mobile to desktop  follows seo web standards.   composing css styles using styled components or css preprocessors like sass and less.   working with postcss and its plugins to find error  add css vendor prefixes  and handle encapsulation.   ability to create some complex animations using three.js and d3.js.   ability to create charts by using chart.js and d3.js   troubleshooting issues that affect the clients website.   proactive to handle and resolve issues not only within technical but also other things at work.   working with npm commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev dependencies.   project management within agile framework and controlled by redmine workflow.    page 7 15   working with front end team to create front end boilerplate.   devops using docker to create instant server for both development and production environment. then  the team includes back end and front end will work on that server.   collaborate with other team members  pm  devops  qa qc  back end  front end lead  to ensure the team operates more efficiently.   maintain websites which using cms like wordpress  drupal or magento. key achievements    gain more knowledge about react.js  react lifecycle  hoc  render props  ...  and redux.   familiar with redmine  a project management.   lots of good feedback from the leader  and the higher levels.   improve es6 skills.   gain knowledge of docker and docker compose.   get familiar with software design principles such as dry  yagni  kiss  solid...   gain more knowledge of software design patterns.   understand mvc architecture and open mind for another architectures.   english communication better for 4 skills.   way to estimate and hit story point. front end developer   kms technology   ho chi minh city   sep 2017 to nov 2017   starting in a new working environment and first time working with a large team.   understanding the process of work  people and culture of the team.   maintain and resolve client side bugs  react.js  javascript es6   unit testing  jest enzyme .   generate a weekly report to project manager.   working as an agile team and using jira tools for management.   research mobx and redux for state management.   discussion and working with qa to handle testing cases for each task.   working with the qa team to resolve bugs and performance issue.   using svn and git to manage repositories.    page 8 15 key achievements    gain more knowledge about react.js  redux.   understand the workflow before creating a pull request.   get more experience of jira tools. front end developer   pure solutions international  ho chi minh city   dec 2014 to aug 2017   this is the beginning of my journey after leaving the college.   develop new user facing features and take main responsibility for client side.   propose various ideas in order to enhance ui and ux experience.   ensure the technical feasibility of ui ux designs.   implement website animation for the best experience and first impression.   project management within agile framework  using trello or jira tools.   participate in projects in all stages of the product lifecycle.   collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.   collaborate closely with the project and design team to translate requirements into technical designs.   training intern members of front end team.   develop many scripts  using task runners such as gulp and grunt  or maybe bash shell command  to handle tasks that tend to iterate.   using css preprocessors like sass and less to manage and develop css easier  also save time and save package size when compiling.   ability to apply new technologies for each new project.   ability to making html5 games  working with html5 canvas or dom.   handle css issues on ie browsers  especially ie8.   create mobile applications for ios and android with react native. key achievements    gain more knowledge about javascript  jquery  html5  css3  sass  less  webpack...   be a team leader.    page 9 15   training interns.   help the other team members resolving client side interface and technical issues.   always received good feedback from clients about the front end side.   building a front end boilerplate  instant scripts for reuse in another projects.   get knowledge about css3 such as flexbox  animation  transition  rounded corners...   using git more comfortable and fluently  can manipulate many complex commands to merge  rebase  and revert code.   understand webpack configuration  version 1 and 2    distinguish http cookies  sessionstorage and localstorage and the different among them. projects case studies banpu underground mining assistant  uma  responsibilities my main responsibility for this project is including the work like maintain the project  update new features  and the ui ux  implement redux which using for managing the whole state of the app  restructure the components and containers.   the drag   drop feature is developed using react  beautiful dnd which powered by atlassian team.   implement unit test  jest  which need to be covered over 80    enhance the ui. key achievements    understand more about agile and scrum for product development.   get knowledge about unit testing  jest   and arrange  act and assert  aaa  pattern.   a little bit knowledge about pwa   progressive web app  and service workers for offline mode. project information uma is a progressive web application  pwa  for mobile devices developed on reactjs for frontend application. backend is    page 10 15 restful api developed based on microservices architecture pattern. uma is for the miner deputies to locate the machine equipment and order materials for the shift work underground mine sites. size   duration  7  members from jan 2018. technologies  nodejs  hapi framework  oauth2  restful api  mongodb  ms sql server  redis  microsoft azure  github  circleci  docker banpu   scpi responsibilities my main responsibility for this project is the project structure  manage and review code the components and containers  writing unit tests which suit the test cases  support and collaborate with the other team members to make sure no side  effect  no impact when deploying new code to client environment. key achievements    have more experiences with initial technical works from the beginning.   understand the values of each individual  the importance of communication  helping and supporting each other. that will push the team to move forward  get strong and go further. project information centennial and banpu are implementing a contract lifecycle management  clm  solution in conjunction with a supplier compliance   performance insights  scpi  pronounced skippy  application to deliver process  production and utilization value to banpu and centennial procurement and operational teams. this application is mobile web application to serve user for convenience of access with offline online and integrate interface with contract management system and erp system. size   duration  1 agile team of 8 members during 3 months  from apr 2019 to jun 2019 technologies  reactjs  nodejs  graphql  docker  fuse.js  redux  webpack  sass  postcss.    page 11 15 critical mass   nissan usa   infitini usa responsibilities my main responsibility for this project is maintaining the working website which exists more than 10 years. almost tasks about resolving ui and technical issues. support and collaborate with back end guys to complete the issue correctly.   resolve issues of the empty area when the function returns the data before responding from the server.   fix website  responsive  issue with jquery plugins.   fix technical issues related to jquery and backbone.   resolve technical issues of backbone.   working with aem   adobe experience manager. key achievements    get knowledge of backbone and aem.   proactive support other members about front end technical. project information nissan usa and infiniti usa are car buying websites allowing users to explore vehicle features  pricing  offers  and more. critical mass  cm  is an agency between pyco group and them. the project just wants to keep running the current business without so many changes  just fix issues  adjust performance and make it work normally. websites www.nissanusa.com www.infinitiusa.com size   duration  8  members from jun 2019 to sep 2019. technologies  java  aem  server sider rendering  jenkins  docker  jquery  backbone.js  sass... messagemedia responsibilities i take responsibility for the front end scope such as handle data rendering  component skeleton  unit testing  problem solving...    page 12 15   form migration  from redux form to react final form.   uplifting component and design.   handle asynchronous code.   create helper function for reusable.   working on many important business features such as   message box   message composing.  mobile landing page   message composing with mobile website.  automation   filtering message and triggering next to do tasks when receiving or sending message.  template   composing a message box template that can be reusable.  draft   temporary save when composing a message.  reports   providing diverse reports for many purposes.  sub account  create  edit and manage sub  accounts. also  take care the permission  type and behavior of single sub account. key achievements    take owner many epic features.   contribution many works in new features  code refactoring and review. project information messagemedia is an australias largest business mobile messaging service provider and a leading player globally  headquartered in melbourne. at vietnam office  we work as a development center and fully responsible for all parts of the messaging platform. in 2021  sweden s sinch acquired messagemedia for  1.3b. website hub.messagemedia.com size   duration  40  members from 2017 to present. technologies  node.js  php  java  aws  mircro service  micro frontend  react.js  redux  webpack  buildkite  less  postcss...    page 13 15 autonomous   hybrid responsibilities maintained old features and developed on demand features.   working on some features   booking desk or room.  schedule to booking desk or room.  booking time.  booking is reserved or available  list people  history of booking. key achievements    take owner almost front end features.   get familiar with a new business model.   delivery feature on time with good estimation. project information hybrid is a toolkit that allows you to easily book desks and rooms in your hybrid office. website hybrid.autonomous.ai size   duration  10  members from 2017 to present. technologies  node.js  react.js  redux  formik  webpack  websocket  rest  typescript. autonomous  jam mosh responsibilities switching to jam mosh to fill the empty position and become the front end lead of the project. i took responsibility to manage and lead the team to continue the work of the previous leader.   create audio call among users using agora and websocket.   develop feature to schedule a meeting.   implement features playback control  screen sharing  screen capture  etc.    page 14 15   allow creating a room calling privately or publicly.   apply pub sub pattern to handle events such as before  calling  after calling  and in calling.   handling issues of losing call signal  slow network  or losing the connection of websocket  etc.   logging and tracking are using internal library  powered by autonomous team.   working with yarn 2 to manage workspaces between web and desktop apps.   create a vr room using three.js  to generate a 3d room that which users can interact together within room. key achievements    take responsibility for the whole project and allocate tasks to team members.   gain knowledge and experience of code signing and application building on macos and windows.   vr room is a premise to build rove.to.   working as front end lead. project information the project was originally known as jam  but they were unable to utilize the name since they failed to register a trademark for it. as a result  the project is now known as mosh. mosh was created for online meetings just audio only. users can create or schedule a meeting  screen share  chat and listen to music together. mosh focuses on the end user who wants a lite meeting version and to use it internally or integrate it with any platform as a plugin. website mosh.autonomous.ai size   duration  7  members. technologies  react.js  redux  react final form  webpack  electron  electron forge  node.js  yarn 2  websocket  rest  agora  typescript.    page 15 15 autonomous  rove responsibilities had participated in the initialization of this project until they moved to use unity and flutter to continue to develop it.   create first landing page for marketing and introduction of rove.   form registration.   three.js integration   rendering 3d models into a scene.  attach the animation to the 3d objects.  creating functionalities for 3d objects such as the human body can move  jump or dance.  using websocket to allow multiple players at a time can interact real time.  calculation of collisions.   working with dart and flutter to build mobile application and the marketplace. key achievements    initialize first bricks.   migration the js code to dart.   gain more knowledge with three.js.   working as front end lead. project information an ambition to connect the metaverse closely with the end user. empower them to build 3d websites that are immersive  real  time  and persistent. the core part is about building the marketplace to let end user can exchange in that virtual world via metamask. website rove.to size   duration  5  members from january 2022. at the end of june 2022  we have 50  members. technologies  node.js  docker  javascript  react.js  redux  react final form  three.js  dart  flutter  unity  agora  typescript.