nguyen tri toan tech lead address  long binh ward  thu duc city  hcm city  vietnam phone    84  982077215 email  nguyentritoanst@gmail.com linkedin  https   www.linkedin.com in tritoan summary  with over 12 years of experience in software development  i have deep intensive knowledge of application development and relevant experience in software development life cycles. demonstrates planning  analytical  solution  goal oriented  problem solving skills and the ability to follow through with projects from inception to completion. my technical background allows me to be at the forefront of innovation by always thinking outside the box to find creative solutions to complex problems. i can work efficiently as part of a team or independently with solid leadership skills. expert skills    scrum agile development environment.   communicating and working directly with partners product owner.   managing projects through the entire project life cycle.   cloud services  aws   ec2  s3  api gateway  cloudfront  route 53  lambda  iot core  cloud formation ...   development management tools  gitlab  jenkin  redmine  jira.   languages and frameworks  javascript  nodejs  nestjs  react  react native  html  c   java.   databases  sql servers  mysql  postgres  mongodb  elastic search.   os and others  linux  mac osx  docker. experience skills    languages and frameworks  unity  c    go  python  play  dart  flutter.   databases  sqlite  redis  dynamodb  firebase  realtime database  firestore   solr.   os and others  windows  android  ios  google cloud  k8s  k3s. work history    04 2022   current  efiware aps  position  senior software engineer  remote  woking for efiware is my first time doing a remote job. so  i accepted to start with a position lower than the position i was in before. i take on tasks and conversations with my manager and team members. analyze  plan  confirm  and do it together. we used jira  javascript based development  nodejs  react  react native  typescript   mongodb  mysql  aws.   01 2017   06 2021  setfil wtc jsc  position  software technical leader water ecosystem   aws  nodejs  loopback3  nestjs  react  reactnative  c    mongodb  postgresql   develop an ecosystem to help the company manage water supply full circle from water source to customer  water source  plant  supply  customers . we ve made many positive changes to our company s business  and it has helped the company reduce management costs and water loss.   water source  nodejs  loopback3  nestjs  mongodb  postgresql  react   quality and quantity monitoring groundwater and surface water. the sensors transmit data to the aws cloud via 3g  udp  ftp  .... it depends on the sensor device .   water plants  nodejs  loopback3  nestjs  mongodb  postgresql  react   monitoring factory status  operating capacity  motor  water quality  quantity  and communicating with the scada team. get data from scada or directly from sensors sent to aws.   water supply  nodejs  loopback3  nestjs  mongodb  postgresql  react  react native  nativebase   this project monitors the water pipes that carry water from the factory to the client. the sensors are arranged along the pipeline and sent to aws via 3g.   water customer  nodejs  loopback3  nestjs  mongodb  postgresql  react  react native  nativebase   it helps the water company manage customers and balances the water supply system.   datalogger device  c    atmega chips   this was a hardware project and was not ready for production. it gets data from the sensors and sends it to aws  using 3g   supporting multiple protocols  analog  4 20ma  i2c  spi  rs485  can .   log hub  nodejs  nestjs  mongodb   received data from data logger  via ftp  udp  http  mqtt   preprocessed  and stored.   11 2010   12 2016  gnt vn co.  ltd  positions  developer  leader   e commerce project  c   sql server  mongodb  solr search   four years. positions  developer   1 year  leader   3 years. an e commerce website  mobion.jp  for feature phones and smartphones devices. this project used custom mvc.net 2.0. view templates stored in the database. view template renders dependent on device type  device type detected by user agent http header and device id. ex  android  ios  docomo feature phone  softbank feature phone  au feature phone .   game project  unity game engine  c   java play framework   position  frontend leader for two years. the game s name is monster party  japanese name     rpg   an rpg game. it used unity game engine for android  ios  and java play framework for the backend. i managed the tasks of the monster management screens. it was my first time participating in a game project.   2008   10 2010  fujinet systems jsc  position  developer   web developer  php   mysql    1 year. develop an e commerce website with php mars framework  a private framework of the partner . my tasks are to create some functions in the product management screen.   web developer  java   oracle    6 months. an internal management application of a construction company.   application developer  c    six months. patient management for hospitals. i created some screens for image review. education    university of science ho chi minh city    graduated college of information technology  2006 . languages    vietnamese  native.   english  verbal and written. interests    i like soccer  table tennis and listening to music.