zilin jin  full stack developer  shenyang  liaoning  china 86 155 4157 4099 timon0305@outlook.com www.linkedin.com in timon0305 having developed applications in a multitude of environments from business  to engineering and manufacturing disciplines. enjoying the challenge of solving problems of all types as well as simply automating manual processes. software and technology manager with over 6 years of experiences in software development project implementation  intensive knowledge on application development and relevant experience in software development life cycles  sdlc  experience december 2021  april 2022 blockchain engineer signed trade signed is a digital marketplace where musicians list their own crypto tokens backed by music royalties. the more people streaming a musician  the higher their tokens value. support and invest in your favorite musician  while your pockets grow with them. supply and demand is a big factor that determines the value of anything that can be traded  including all digital currencies in the market. for example  if more people are trying to buy a musicians token  while others are willing to sell them  the price will go up and vice versa. and since the supply of all tokens are limited  the increased popularity will drive up prices as a musician gains more social clout. each tokens is also pumped out every times a musicians royalty pay  driving up the value of said token. febrary 2022  april 2022 mobile developer social solutions social solutions is the leading provider of cloud software for nonprofit and public sector social service organizations  it was recently announced that social solutions is combining with every action and cyber grants to create the second largest and fastest growing social good software company in the world july 2021  december 2021 react developer tiskarska 10 108 00 prague czech republic 2 assisted with payroll and pensions service management for 150  employees. prepared invoices for more than 200 clients. assisted with bill payments  records organization and preparation  and other office duties to support financial and accounting operations. august 2020  august 2021 full stack developepr cigna healthcare with  0 virtual care  telehealth  1  0 preventive care visits 2 and  3 or less for generic prescription drugs 3 cigna s plans and programs make it easy for you to get affordable  quality care. connect with virtual care doctors and nurses  or customer service  when you need them. have a critical health situation  get dedicated support with the my personal champion program  making it easier to navigate the health care system. the mycigna website and mobile app4 help you find quality in network providers  order and refill prescriptions  pay claims  and more. you also get data driven customized alerts for health coaching  specialized care  and cost savings all based on your unique heath care needs. august 2018  march 2020 full stack developepr dapp ayan this dap ayan system formed part of the cultural practices by various towns in ilocos norte  however  as political structures became more formal  the use of dap ayan has been reduced. in the past  some people have been considering the dap ayan as chatting  pagtutungtungan  or drinking  paggi inuman  place and other user were not noticed. september 2017  december 2018 programmer ilean ilearn is sfsus learning management system  where instructors can organize their courses and materials and students can efficiently interact with resources and participate in classes. ilearn is built on the moodle platform with some local customizations to fit university guidelines and user requests. education august 2017 bachelor of science in computer science  the hongkong university of science and technology  online course  applying to company as intern  interview 3 skills  php  html  core php  laravel  codeigniter  wordpress  shopify  drupal  symfony   javascript  react  redux  next  angular  vue  vuetify  nest  node  express   python  flask  django  ml   java  spring boot   c   asp.net  .net core   version control  github  gitlab  bitbucket   qa  docker  jenkins  kubernetes  ci cd   database  mysql  mongodb  oracledb   aws  microservices activities   interests  football  body building  running  reading  skiing  travel