shoaib rafi nu.shoaib@gmail.com  923346939014 st  1 h 2 basharat park  56300 okara education bscs aug 2010   jul 2014 national university of computer and emerging sciences  lahore employment full stack developer sep 2022   present infitics  remote led the development of various e commerce  fintech  and social media projects as a senior full stack developer. utilized my expertise in ruby on rails and javascript to build scalable  efficient  and user friendly applications. implemented best practices in code reviews  testing  and continuous integration to ensure the codebase was maintainable and extensible. full stack developer may 2022   oct 2022 dongamers  remote led the backend development of company s web based products as a remote full stack developer and product lead. utilized my expertise in nodejs to design and implement scalable and efficient server side solutions. developed a comprehensive admin management portal using angularjs which provided an enhanced user experience and improved the company s business operations. it and retail sales manager dec 2018   may 2022 modern hardwares and plywoods  okara built custom inventory management portals to streamline business operations and improve efficiency. implemented a complete inventory management system from paper based to cloud based  resulting in improved inventory tracking and accuracy. improved sales by 70  through effective marketing strategies  promotions  and sales techniques. managed and supervised retail sales  as well as online sales  ensuring high quality customer service and customer satisfaction. software engineer oct 2015   oct 2018 virtual force inc.  lahore worked on producepay.com  a us based startup  now a unicorn  and scaled the application in terms of ui ux and usability. led the complete redesign and innovation phase of parl.online  a european climate control assessment and planning application developed in ruby on rails. personal details date of birth october 7  1992 gender male linkedin linkedin.com in shoaib rafi  a910887a skills agile web development ruby on rails javascript rest api remote work self motivated communication time management adaptability postgresql git improved the application s performance by 50  by implementing advanced techniques for optimization  such as caching  load balancing  and database indexing. collaborated with cross functional teams  including designers  project managers  and qa engineers  to deliver high quality products on time and within budget. worked closely with stakeholders to understand their requirements and deliver solutions that met their needs. software engineer jul 2014   sep 2015 phaedra solutions  lahore worked as a full stack ruby on rails developer and participated in all aspects of the software development life cycle  sdlc  including requirement gathering  design  development  testing  and deployment. developed and maintained web based applications using ruby on rails framework  html  css  and javascript. followed agile methodologies such as scrum and kanban to deliver high quality software products on time and within budget. demonstrated a strong desire to continuously learn and improve my skills in the field. projects european planning assessment reporting and learning  parl  https   parl.online parl is a production ready web application developed by the european climate foundation  ecf  for climate control assessment and planning. as a product lead  i lead the development team and oversaw a major feature and design upgrade phase. utilizing my expertise in ruby on rails  javascript  sidekiq  and postgresql  we were able to deliver a high performance and user friendly application  adopted by ecf programs and partners. producepay https   producepay.com producepay is a rapidly growing  billion dollar company in the us  known as the leading provider of capital  market insights  and trade protection for fresh produce growers. i was part of the development team and worked on the reports section of the application. utilizing my expertise in ruby on rails  javascript  and postgresql  we were able to deliver a high performance and user friendly solution that supports the company s continued growth and success. social discovery corp https   socialdiscoverycorp.com social discovery corp  sdc  offers advanced social media reporting by combining cutting edge technology with human intelligence  surpassing the limitations of artificial intelligence. as a lead developer  i was responsible for creating a robust  scalable  and secure roles based case management system and reporting section utilizing ruby on rails as the primary web framework. the application was backed by mysql as the primary data storage  which provided high performance and reliability. languages english urdu hobbies music sports poetry