tuan nguyen duc software engineer 48 str. 214  hoa phu  cu chi ho chi minh  vietnam  84 0901 606164 tuannguyen.itit@gmail.com tuannguyenduc experience team leader  software engineer  larion  research technology  dedicated team of worldquant  worldquant is an investment firm founded in 2007  the firm is managing approximately  7 billion  as of 2021  in assets under management via quantitative trading and other methods of quantitative investing. currently worldquant has over 600 employees spread across 23 offices in 13 countries. in vietnam  there are 2 offices which are located in ha noi and ho chi minh city.  only overall description of works and operations will be mentioned because of confidential information  jun 2021  present promoted to be a leader of a team of 8 and then has growth to 12 members. beside my daily tasks  i am also in charge of   interview and train all new members  supporting teammates and guiding them through every obstacle they face during their works  generate team weekly monthly reports to ensure the team always in good form oct 2019  may 2021 as a software engineer  my daily tasks include   operating systems that help quantitative researchers to develop prediction models for trading strategies and support them during their daily works  transform raw data from vendors into worldquants unique data format for researching purposes  executing tests for prediction models to make sure they are qualified for trading  develop tools  clis for operation team to deal with issues that they face  or tasks require repetitively manual actions senior odoo developer   trobz  kinderworld team oct 2018  oct 2019 kinderworld offers a high quality international standard of education for students from pre  nursery up to high school. currently in vietnam  there are 15 schools in total. in this team  i was one of the key developers  who implemented main features of the projects  including  2  school management system  o build the important processes of student service registration in the schools  such as bus  meal  enrolment  etc. o integrate with the software asc timetables  one of the best timetable generators used in schools .  human resource management  o implement and customize workflow of employee and contract management o integrate with biometric device and synchronize employees with more than 30 machines o build custom employee pay slip odoo developer   trobz  canifa business intelligence team july 2018  sep 2018 my main tasks are   build datamart  support experts to build datamart from production database of canifa  visualizing data with tableau  integrating the interactive data visualization tools with the datamart to help canifa understand their data and support their decision making. junior odoo developer   trobz  internal project team feb 2018  jun 2018 within this period  i took responsibility for building systems and modules for internal usage  especially   accounting  implemented features for vietnamese accounting with dynamic configurations. lately  these modules were published in the repository https   github.com trobz l10n vn tree 9.0 vas contribute. junior odoo developer   trobz  smartnet team may 2017  jan 2018 smartnet specializes in personal financial services and insurance including referrals  consulting self  directed credit products  consumer loans  and insurance. during the project  i have experienced in   crm  develop and customize odoo native features to adapt to user needs such as managing their customers  controlling more than 3 000 leads per day  sale campaign automation  kpi management for about 5 800 employees  etc.  odoo website  build web based interfaces for their customers to requests for loans and insurances. junior odoo developer   trobz  canifa team oct 2016  may 2017 canifa is a fashion company and operates in the field of export clothes which are mainly made from wool. their products are popular especially in northern vietnam. within the project  i mainly focused on   inventory  sale and purchase  customize native modules to manage overall stock operation  handle large number of products and orders  by 2018  after one year running  there are 35 000 skus  more than 30 000 transactions day in over 150 stores  3 trainee odoo developer   trobz  internal project team june 2016  sep 2016 trobz has been one of the few odoos official partners since 2009. in the very first days at the company  my daily responsibilities include   being trained and get myself familiar with basic odoo technical   functional knowledge work in internal projects   tools  which have been developed and used internally  mainly focus on project management   human resource management  education master of science in data science the university of arizona  arizona  united states 2022  present bachelor of engineering in information technology international university  vietnam national university   hcmc 2012  2018 academic project  thesis   building a student support system   build an odoo system  supporting students to register for courses  teachers can manage classes  assignments and lesson schedules  students have efficient way to keep track on their assigned tasks and deadlines  integrate data mining with the system in order to predict graduation time of a student  more than 80  of accuracy  licenses   certifications applied data science i  scientific computing   python  with honor  worldquant university issued  jun 2020 skills tools   technologies  odoo  python  mysql postgresql  tableau  rest api  data science  scripting  linux  condor  jenkins  jira languages  english interpersonal  teamwork  problem solving  responsibility industry knowledge  erp  quantitative trading