to van tu quality assurance automation engineer  0353429579 male   tutv1997@gmail.com feb 06  1997  ho chi minh  vietnam  summary more than 4 years of experience in the software testing field including manual and automation tests. i have experience testing with web applications  mobile apps  api testing  and a bit about performance tests.  programing languages java  javascript  c   python. web testing selenium  selenium webdriver  selenium grid . mobile testing appium  ios  android  windows app . api testing rest assured. performance testing k6  javascript . chatbot errbot  python . test framework junit  testng  mstest  nunit  specflow bdd  cucumber bdd. design pattern page object model  singleton. ci cd jenkins  teamcity. version control git  tfs. build tool maven. ticket and test management jira  xray  testrail. web service test postman. cloud service amazon web services  aws  other tools and libraries docker  datadog  lombok. database query sql. none sql mongodb  dynamodb. development models agile scrum  kanban. ides intellij  visual studio code  microsoft visual studio  eclipse  pycharm. technical skills  tyme digital   product may 2021   present work experience quality assurance automation engineer about tyme  tyme is building multi country digital bank focused on emerging markets in asia and africa. project name  tymebank business domain  digital banking project description  tymebank is digital banking which builds for south africa. project architecture  microservices. project technology   automation test    programming language  java  kotlin  python  javascript.   testing tool  selenium webdriver  appium  rest assured  k6.   chatbot  errbot.   ci cd  teamcity.   testing framework  cucumber  testng.  nashtech limited   outsourcing sep 2019   apr 2021 titan technology corporation   outsourcing mar 2018   aug 2019   design pattern  page object model  singleton.   database  dynamodb  mysql.   version control  git  bitbucket .   ide  intellij  vs code  pycharm.   other tools  docker  datadog  postman  aws console  ec2  ecs  cloudwatch  s3 bucket  ssh gateway ... .   ticket management and management workspace  jira  confluence. responsibility    implement automation script for the web application  smart app android  smart app ios  windows app  api  and ussd  unstructured supplementary service data   is a global system for mobile communications  gsm  protocol that is used to send text messages .   develop  maintain and deploy the chatbot  errbot . chatbot used to call other services in the aws  third parties or others api  query database ... example  create  get  update  and delete context data on dynamodb  context data used for storing data of automation test . create and delete the account  simulate payment transactions  get opt from the mocking service  and push messages into the kafka topic.   write performance script using k6  deploy into ecs and run via bot command then monitor the services on aws console  datadog after that collect the metrics and report.   create ci for automation test  setup  and connect agent. investigate failed tests.   support testing for migration  and dr testing.   use postman or curl in the terminal for api testing.   training and sharing automation test  performance test  and chatbot for feature teams.   contribute to the automation framework  parallel execution  generate xray report  retry when the test failed. quality assurance automation engineer project name  thomsons online benefit. business domain  human resouce  hr . project description  thomsons online benefits is a global benefits management and employee engagement software system that also provides consultancy services related to rewards  workplace pensions  and employee benefit programs. project technology   automation test    programming language  c .   testing tool  selenium webdriver.   distribution test  selenium grid.   ci cd  jenkins.   testing framework  mstest.   design pattern  page object model.   database  sql server.   version control  tfs.   ide  microsoft visual studio.   ticket management and management workspace  jira  confluence. responsibility    work closely with singapore  rumani  and united kingdom clients.   attend and discuss in the kick off meeting  and demo meeting with the developer  business analyst  product owner  and delivery lead.   design test cases and perform manual testing.   design  implement and maintain automation scripts.   investigate automated failed tests then update the automation code or raise defects bugs.   run the report comparison api after every code cut  investigate and raise bugs if any  and adjust the api code if necessary. quality assurance automation engineer project name  auvenir. business domain  customer relationship management project description    auvenir was created to help small and medium sized practitioners provide a better financial audit experience for their clients.   the auvenir platform seamlessly integrates advanced technology to enhance the financial audit workflow  improving efficiencies and communications for auditors and their clients. this includes a robust collaboration tool  as well as patent pending machine learning software that automates routine tasks of the audit process. table booking  thesis  sep 2017   jan 2018   this project is to develop and test the auvenir application from scratch. project technology   automation test    programming language  java.   testing tool  selenium webdriver.   distribution test  selenium grid.   ci cd  jenkins.   build tool  maven.   testing framework  junit.   behave driven development  cucumber bdd.   design pattern  page object model.   report tool  report portal.   ide  intellij.   ticket management and management workspace  jira  confluence.   version control  github.   database  postgresql. responsibility    support regression tests when a new build was released.   implement test scripts for manual test cases.   run automation scripts when the engineers released a new version.   investigate and report issues after executing automation scripts to the development team.   maintain automated script code in case of changing the requirements.   create sql queries to delete the old accounts and create a fresh account for the members of the automation team to run the automation scripts when having a change in the database web developer project description  build table booking web application to allow users to book tables at restaurants online. project technology    programming language  java spring mvc model   database  mysql   spring mvc model   bootstrap   javascript   html css   jquery   photoshop responsibility    analyze the cost and estimate the progress.   create themes diagram to clear user requirements.   design the database.   prepare ui design with photoshop.   develop functions modules of the web application.   test and deploy. fpt polytechnic college 2015   2018 education software application major graduation grade  very good   topcv.vn