dang nguyen full stack developer   engineering manager ho chi minh  vietnam 079 7727 007  pandabamboo90@gmail.com personal website  github  linkedin skills javascript   typesscript   angular  ruby on rails database design  sql   no sql  amazon aws effective team leader it project management agile project management communication and presentation customer care hobbies game chill music writing languages vietnamese english profile i have worked in it industry since 2011  moving up from software developer to projects   engineers manager  always keeping my passion for coding   technical challenges. i am familiar with the latest cutting edge development tools and procedures  i m also proficient in various platforms  programming languages both in web   mobile development. mostly i used ruby on rails for back end and building api  angular for front end. i also worked with other tech stacks and programming languages such as php laravel  js  python  ionic framework. through years of working and successful projects  i am experienced in system   database design  cloud platforms setup   deployment  developing  scaling  monitoring  maintaining systems. when working in a team  i keep the mindset  focus on what is right  not who   which act as a guidance to help me in leading and managing the teams which i was lucky to work with. with the ability to apply logical thinking and technical knowledge in solving problems both in technology and business  i always keep  client 1st  mindset  pay attention to the details  listen and discuss  all to make sure clients are satisfied and receive the expected results. employment history ruby technical lead   comestri b.o.t  positive thinking company  ho chi minh september 2021  present   main responsibilities  take lead on development   maintenance of channel manage inside comestri platform  cooperate with other departments to help solving technical problems  monitoring  detecting and debugging performance issues on production which currently is serving more than 100.000 requests  coaching and encouraging team to follow best practices  coding standard to ensure best quality in both code base and product  suggesting new ideas   features to help improve product s ui   ux   stabilizes   projects    comestri e com integration platform   channel manager  help in building universal channel which act as base channel for new development  integrated many platforms such as  amazon  google  facebook  miralk  commerce tools  bigcommerce  saleforce ... into comestri platform  maintain   bug fix and developing new feature as requested from po   business requirements cto   projects   engineers manager  gumi vietnam  ho chi minh city october 2012  september 2021   main responsibilities  contributed to the creation of company objectives and worked to support them.  worked with managers and business units to determine event and project budgets.  managed complex customer requests from contact to completion.  assisted with recruitment and training of new employees  while also monitoring the productivity of current employees.  organized and prioritized work to complete assignments in a timely  efficient manner.  worked in collaboration with other team members   leaders to achieve success.  acted as a dedicated team leader and took action when necessary  provided outstanding technical support to clients.  collaborated to create strategic initiatives to design  code  and test solutions.  created  communicated  and managed project plans.  worked to solve complex problems using the latest in cloud  mobile  and web technologies.  effectively coded software changes and alterations based on specific design specifications.   projects    ccp digital currency platform our client want to develop a new   secure digital currency  which is not rely on blockchain technology but using their own solution. the goal is to make organizations issue new kind of digital currency which is truly secure  manageable  easy to use for everybody. this project include of multiple platforms and portal and is building with micro services architect  admin portal  organization admin portal  user mobile app   web portal my responsibilities   in this project  im in charge of leading the development team  discussing ideas and solutions with client to build up our platform from the beginning  manage the development resources  plan  schedule the tasks for the development teams  apply and following development best practices   tools  angular for front end  ruby on rails for building back end api  mysql for database  running with docker containers  all system are deployed on aws  combining multiple services  ecs fargate  rds  elb  aws cloudfront  route53  to make sure the app is stable and high availability    d3  salon management   pos solution client want to develop a new saas platform for managing their salon   supply  to replace the current old running systems  which are slow and impacting their business. the platform include 5 different services   admin portal  supply manager portal   supply pos  salon manager portal   salon pos each service has different workflows  business requirements  user targets. my responsibilities   in this project  im in charge of leading both front end and back end development team  i used angular for front end  ruby on rails for building back end  mysql for database  i joined the project from the beginning  to help design ui ux and breakdown the requirements into smaller part  i worked with other developers in coding  refactoring  optimizing the system to make it fast  stable and secure.  i deployed the app on aws services  combining multiple services  ec2  rds  elb  aws cloudfront  route53  to make sure the app is stable and high availability  i migrate the data from old database to the new database    pms pro  hr internal tool as the company is growing fast  while google sheet and excel are still able to do the job  but not efficiency  we need to develop a system for managing resources  human  customer deals  projects...  in company more better my responsibilities   in this project  im in charge of leading both front end and back end development team  i used angular for frontend  ruby on rails for building backend  postgres for database  i joined the project from the beginning  to help design ui ux and breakdown the requirements into smaller part  i worked with other developers in coding  refactoring  optimizing the system to make it fast.  i deployed the app on aws services  combining multiple services  ec2  rds  elb  aws cloudfront  route53  to make sure the app is stable and high availability references references available upon request courses