tuan nguyen  gillar  mobile   84 937933288   email  gillar.nguyen@gmail.com linkedin  https   www.linkedin.com in gillar nguyen  professional statement over 7 years experience as a technical architect and solution architect aws technologies to deliver a top quality ict service to business. also serving as a devops lead in contemi solutions  i spearhead teams that consist of up to 13 developers to reduce time to market with application using automation efforts and continuous development pipelines. efforts driven  60  reduction in timeline market. i also have experience in providing support of cloud architect strategy  delivery it services network and excellent collaborator across multiple regions. i believe that with my experiences and skills i can be the part of your company. skills professional certificates   aws  solutions architect associate  solutions architect professional  sysops administrator associate  developer associate.  azure  cloud platform  70 532  70 533  70 534. technologies cloud technologies  7 years   devops strategy in azure devops  aws services and hybrid mode  deployment the iot for the global project using azure data warehouse  azure cosmosdb  azure iot  azure appservice  machine learning aws for bots.  aws devops ci cd  codecommit  codepipeline. codebuild with ecs  fargate profile.  lxc  based on debian   amazon cloud  ibm cloud  vmware cloud  windows azure and kubernetes.  docker  docker hub  and docker swarm.  office 365  included with ems  ms intune integrated with azure a.d  aws sso  control tower  integrated with azure ad    ad on premises  mysql   linux  documentdb  cosmosdb  azure  mongodb hadoop  aws  beanstalk  cloudformation domain insurance  5 years   develop new insurance products and introduces online applications that capacitate them. these software tools are created using the latest technologies as parts of a micro services landscape  and from the beginning are cloud native  cncf   tasks such as building  deploying and connecting these applications belong to the  infrastructure as code   iac  developed by me.  infrastructure as code terraform  cloudformation  helm  saltstack  ci cd  jenkins  github  docker  kubernetes  eks  on premises rancher   clear separation of concerns between developers and infrastructure using separate iac repos  automated ci cd  jenkins  github  tagging branching  web hooks  ecr  nexus  docker  npm   build and deploy pipelines  jenkins  groovy  scripted  shared libs  custom dsl  python   build and deploy pipelines gitlab ce  gitlab ci   aws cloud infrastructure  cloudformation  route 53  dynamodb  ses  sqs   aws security  certificate manager  s3 bucket encryption  load balancers  tls   monitoring  kibana  elk  efk  kubernetes logs   stdout   bridging between developers and project management  remote work with different corporate teams. system engineer  5 years   windows server 2003 2008  also familiar hardware isa cisco  vpn  vlan  mail exchange  sharepoint  vs sourcesafe  ms live box  ms isa 2004   2006  intranet  sip phone pabx  ...  sns  application insight  oms  splunk  zabbix.  kubernetes  k8s  to deploy micro services  fintech  ecommerce.  mcsa 2012. ceh.  security data storage  redundant data cylinder.  office 365. including with ems  ms intune  centos debian ubuntu server. programming language and scripting  5 years   perl  powershell   bash  ruby and chef  python  yaml and xml active directory  ad   ldap   8 years   manage ad objects such as ou  users  computers  printers  groups  ldap  synchronize between exchange services and ad services  manage users access privileges   gpo vpn  virtual private network   5 years   site to site vpn connections  vpn network for business continuity plan  manage vpn access tcp ip  10 years   dhcp  vlan  wi fi  firewall proxy  nat and dns databases  10 years   mssql  mysql   linux  documentdb  cosmosdb  azure  mongodb hadoop  aws others  webex  ccna  virtual box  github  gitlab  unity  machine learning  continuous integration  ci   chef  puppet  saltstack  office 365 administration. work experience 06 2020  present  devops lead   contemi vietnam. the major work is developing the core insurance  outsourcing and software development. the company take over the business from uk  norway  singapore and southeast asia. we do accept projects on non insurance software too  if we are confident that we can provide highquality products. also managed the devops team  outsourcing  which is provided the solutions and action the ci cd framework in every project running in contemi solutions. responsibility  have the roles managed the teams working long term for global customers    offering the design  implement  manage aws hosted included the on  premises infrastructure like network  storage and security.   using the aws managed services  aws control tower  aws devops  rds and ec2 to deliver the product on the customer side.   maintain and develop the iac using terraform and helm.   refactor the existing iac from another project and centralize.   configure ci pipelines and containers deployment.   tune and enhance the monitoring services  icinga2  prometheus grafana  x ray   collaborate with global team to align with their changes to the infrastructure or new deployment on k8s   scripting  python  bash  lint  yaml   automation  terraform  main   saltstack  main   cloudformation  kafka  helm  gitlabci.   managed team devops to support external customer. im familiar with aws architect for long  but not have much in azure devops  tfs . currently i am most interested in azure architect environment  the eco systems  vmware orchestration and oracle cloud. 05 2018  08 2020  principal devops of dxc technology vietnam. the major work is outsourcing  software development  and group insurance project ... the company take over the business from india  australia  france  southeast asia  and singapore. also managed the devops team  outsourcing  which is provided the solutions and action the ci cd framework in every project running in dxc vietnam. responsibility  have the roles managed the teams working long term for global customers    offering the design  implement  manage the aws hosted included the on premises infrastructure like network  storage  and security.   using azure managed services  azure a.d  azure devops and vm scale set to deliver the product on the customer side.   deliver on project and business as usual requirements specific to infrastructure onpremies and aws services through development  staging  and production environments.   provide technical support and participate in 24x7 on call roster including consulting with third party vendors.   actively involved in on call rotation and provide direct support during emergencies  outages  and service transitions.   deploying  automating  maintaining  and managing aws cloud based systems  azure cloud services and managed the vm on premises  dc  dr sites    system troubleshooting and problem solving including with tracking system to drill down the code error  services  and systems.   scripting  powershell  perl  python  bash script.   automation  chef  ansible  jenkins  terraform  main   cloudformation  kafka  circleci  gitlabci.   managed team devops to support external customer. 06 2016  11 2018  technical architect of robert bosch engineering and business solutions member of the team from germany  india and turkey  which is developed the iot  smart city in worldwide. in bosch group  we support over 1500 users in vietnam. responsibility  i have also lead the teams working long term for global customers    design  implement  manage azure services   on premises infrastructure including servers  applications  storage  virtualization  network  and security.   manage and deploy office 365 including with ems for external resourcing   actively involved in on call rotation and provide direct support during emergencies  outages  and service transitions.   actively involved to azure iot  environment dev and prod for the whole team in worldwide. scale the system and support connection with powerbi.   create long term and short term strategies for scaling the application hosted in production environment.   build internal tools using for daily tasks in bosch vietnam   scripting  powershell  perl  bash script. 04 2015  06 2016  senior consultant of tma solutions. the major work of tma solutions is outsourcing  software development  avaya telecom... the company came from vietnam and has more than 5 locations in ho chi minh city with 1500 staff. responsibility    in windows system  windows server 2012. microsoft azure  active directory  exchange  sharepoint on virtual network    in linux system  centos debian ubuntu server  docker swarm   in cloud system  aws  cloudfront  s3  e c2  rds  microsoft azure  active directory  exchange  sharepoint on virtual network...   optimize the game mobile server  backend   operation the dashboard for sales team.   answer email and create  solve  closed ticket system.   using docker  create the environment for developer.   learned perl language  studying ruby and chef.   parse log file for the customer report. 07  2013  04 2015  it supervisor of nnr vietnam global logistics company. the major works of the nnr is logistics and air sea freight. the company came from japan and had 43 staff. only i work with it outsource on it. responsibility    providing support of it hardware  software  including erp   vpn   servers  ibm x3650 m4  dell  and hp   laptops  networks  including cisco router   and voice conference polycom...   maintained windows system  windows server 2008  also familiar hardware isa 2006 and cisco hardware  antivirus eset nod 32  server client   wireless draytek  vpn  vlan  4 vlan   office 365  sip phone pabx ...   maintained linux system  centos server to distributed files  webpage  mail server and built in firewall filter content type by iptables ...   experienced on lxc  based on debian   amazon cloud  ibm cloud  vmware cloud    windows azure ...  only vmware cloud  depended on it head office in usa    working on perl programmer and rewrite program to monitoring system server centos.   successful sip phone server centos using pabx system  from usa  vn  japan  vn    repair office equipment  printer  fax  telephone  photocopy...    accomplished in settings and meeting deadlines  planning  and developing methods for computerizing a range of business tasks by using itil skills  also apply 5s management.   optimum trouble shooting and problem solving abilities developed. 05 2010  07 2013  it supervisor of dycom company ltd. this is foreign company that specialized business system  wireless and security solutions  and on line store. responsibility    providing support of it hardware  managed servers clouds of our customer.   prepare the infrastructure lamp server for developers.   answer the call from skype. delivery the ticket to our staff to solve the issues.   monitor the whole system by checking email report.   written the issues has been solved on wiki  and research new hardware to secure system.   distributed task for every member in the team.   weekly report to cto.   concentrate on weekly meeting with new device arrived in vietnam. 09 2008  04 2010  system engineer at the agilemobile company. the company that specialized business systems  software developed outsourcing. the company came from thailand and had 28 staff... responsibility    providing support of it hardware  30 pcs  2 laptops  4 servers  and 6 servers cloud of our business.   prepare the infrastructure lamp server for developers.   configure ajax  tomcat for communicate with server and mobile.   participate all project with developers  enhance security websites  md5 hash  basic code...   repair office equipment  printer hp  fax panasonic  telephone polycom  mobile phone...    upgrade  downgrade firmware mobile for testing  android  ios  windows mobile  nokia phone   integrated ldap and active directory to control the code for our developers.   monitor all network issues  router  modem  lighting  cable... 12 2006  09 2008  system engineer at muto company company specialized business production the precision mold tool wares using by canon  sony ... and have the staff of 2500  80  products were exported to japan. ive promoted to leader e within 6 months  05 2007   because i helped it manager enhance mail mdaemon to anti spam and make limit a size of mailbox for each user. responsibility    providing support of it hardware  over 400pcs  4 server ibm.  4 member of team .   repaired pc  laptop  mainboard...   support users access mvc program  erp software  by vpn.   work with japanese expert to make server voip.   create vpn connection with head office in japan.   report every issue to it manager. education certifications  certificate of completion planning a microsoft cloud solution.  certificate of aws solutions architect  associate   professional  certificate of aws developer associate.  certificate of aws sysops administrator associate.  successfully completed training course of  aws technical essential  certificate of completion powershell 3.0  scripting and tool making.  successfully completed training course of  cisco certified network associate. references available upon request.