hoang lam address  long thanh my ward  thu duc city email  hoanglam147@gmail.com phone  84399279503 career objective become an expert in automation test. experience 1. software tester robert bosch engineering and business solutions   time  08 2015 to 03 2018   job descriptions   test c  c   function  based on requirements and testing techniques  analyze requirements  guess bugs  write test cases  test scripts and test specifications.  communicate with developers in other locations to clarify and finish the job.  work base on standard processes  ensure the quality product.  join the competency of development team to improve personal skills and share back to team.  support new members  help them familiar with processes  tools  and understand the code deeply.  problem solving support others member when they have issues. 2. product tester datalogic scanning vietnam llc  district 9  hcm.   time  03 2018 to 12 2021   job descriptions   manual test on barcode reader machine to verify that feature is working correctly follow requirements.  automation web using python   selenium  automation desktop app using test complete  smart bear   automation on devices  using c   python  io board  tcp ip connection.  bug report 3. automation tester  elca vietnam  binh thanh district  hcm   time  01 2022 to present   job descriptions   write new selenium test by java using junit.  failure analysis and daily report. skills   experienced with python  java with selenium to automation web.   experienced with c  windows form  wpf create tool chains.   experienced with jira  bitbucket  jenkins   has base knowledge of c  c  . can read and understand source code  write simple programs.   vba  able to write some scripts to work faster   notepad    regex on notepad   to work faster and easier.   worked with version control software  git  svn   push  pull  checkout  create  merge branches  solve conflicts education da nang university of technology   time  09 2008 to 01 2014   major  mechatronics   gpa  7.76