le quoc hieu frontend developer 43 tran hung dao  district 1   ho chi minh  700000  vietnam 1159010@itec.hcmus.edu.vn 0903027820 profile  4  years experience as front end developer with reactjs and modern javascript  es5   es11   3 years living and studying in new zealand employment history nov 2021  present ho chi minh frontend developer at pacific informatics   zymo research corp team size  3   with 2 in vietnam   project description   this project is an internal tool  which is a web application that allow users to upload data and then the system will automatically run analysis from the data uploaded to analyze dna  rna  to predict medical record result or compound vaccines or drugs. website for reference their services  https   www.zymoresearch.com  internal tool app  http   test alb 214011045.us east 1.elb.amazonaws.com pipeline responsibilities as a frontend developer at pacific informatics  zymo research    writing documentations spiking for features  software development life cycles   proposing solutions for problems  fixing bug  building new features.  clarifying ticket requirements  and supporting other team members finish their works.  refactoring code.  mentoring juniors to help them finish their tasks.  reviewing code when committing to github.  setting up infrastructure source code base.   linter  prettier  readme  configs  env.. etc   technologies  monolith architecture  react  redux toolkit    typescript  nx  material ui v5  oct 2019  nov 2021 ho chi minh frontend developer at vietnamworks team size  9   with 3 in frontend team   project description   this project is vietnamworks website  which is the most popular and biggest channel in recruitment in vietnam with million users. details date   place of birth 30 05 1993 tphcm nationality vietnamese skills html5 css3 sass less bem bootstrap 3 4 ant design material ui styled component modern javascript  es5    es11  reactjs typescript webpack redux thunk obs saga toolkit nx jquery ajax git charts   rechart  amchart   jest and react testing library google api firebase algolia micro frontend responsibilities as a front end developer at vietnamworks   communicating with all team members when needed to solve problems as soon as possible.   frontend backend team  product owner and ui ux designer    researching proposing new techniques for solutions  build components  projects from scratch with easy maintenance and reusable in the future. some achievements that i have done   search jobs page  the main feature of vietnamworks  which allows users to search their dream jobs going with the complex filter feature. technologies  reactjs 16.8  nextjs  micro frontend    redux saga  algolia  style component  webpack 4 https   www.vietnamworks.com job search all jobs  notifications and news  a cloned version as the notification feature from facebook   the bell on the top right of the header    which notifies to job seekers when they have an interest from an employer or news from vietnamworks technologies  firebase  cookie  localstorage  indexeddb  salary page  a page for users to seek current salary for a specific job title in any position. it is also going with charts for visual references. technologies  amchart 4 https   www.vietnamworks.com salary all jobs  my profile  a page to create an online profile which is integrated directly to vietnamworks database. this allows employers having an overview about potential candidates when searchable feature is turned on. technologies  react sortable hoc  nextjs https   www.vietnamworks.com my profile  wowcv  the latest feature from vietnamworks  which has just released recently helps job seekers to create their beautiful cv with lots of available templates in minutes. obviously  it is totally free. technologies  slick slider  nextjs  react pdf  indexdb https   wowcv.vietnamworks.com mar 2018  oct 2019 ho chi minh frontend developer at fpt telecom team size  15   with 3 in frontend team   project description   this project is the internal cms for fpt wifi marketing business which is mainly used to earn money from selling advertisement packages for clients responsibilities as a front end developer at fpt telecom   following scrum methodology to shortens the time to release our project and limit disadvantages in software development life cycles 3rd libraries  momentjs  lodash  postman  photoshop invision figma languages english  communicating with other team members to clarify business logic before developing stages to avoid misunderstanding  which would lead to slow progresses.  converting documentation  ui mock up getting from my ba   business analyst to completed features in front end side.  researching proposing new techniques for solutions some tasks  works i have done   dashboard page  the page with lots of general information for admin  sales and publishers   who are working directly with our clients   check out daily and real time   by minutes and hours  .  flight page  a big modal form to collect information from users for booking an advertisement techniques project applied   reactjs   15.6.2     redux observable  ant design   3.5.4     sass  lodash  momentjs  rechartjs  google api education jun 2014  jul 2017 auckland aut  auckland university technology bachelor computer information system   software development major sep 2011  sep 2013 ho chi minh vnuhcm   university of science bachelor computer information system   software development major courses may 2021  may 2021 webpack 5  the complete guide for beginner at udemy may 2022  may 2022 testing react with jest and react testing library at udemy